⬆️(eucalyptus/3/wb) upgrade fun-apps to 2.4.0+wb (#214)
openfun/openedx-docker: releases/eucalyptus/3/wb/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Upgrade `fun-apps` to `2.4.0+wb` to cron rewritten command to change course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade `fun-apps` to `2.4.0+wb` to rewrite cron command that changes course
```

Author: the sentence doesn't have the same meaning anymore, do you think it's clearer ?

### Changed

- Refactor the way authentication backends are configured to make it straightforward

> - Upgrade `fun-apps` to `2.4.0+wb` to cron command to change course enrollments
>   from `audit` to `honor`

Reviewer: No I don't understand the sentence :man_shrugging: 
I think you have rewritten the "cron command" that changes course enrollments from `audit` to `honor`... so:
```suggestion
- Upgrade `fun-apps` to `2.4.0+wb` which rewrites the cron command that changes course enrollments
  from `audit` to `honor`
```
